Fixed #34621 -- Made admin site header render in <div> tag. (#16926)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

* ``XRegExp`` is upgraded from version 3.2.0 to 5.1.1.

> * ``AdminSite.site_header`` is now displayed with ``<div id="site-name">`` instead of
>   ``<h1 id="site-name">``. Screen readers use heading elements for navigation within
>   a page, and the actual site header isn't relevant to the page's content as it is
>   repeated on all pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``AdminSite.site_header`` is now displayed with ``<div id="site-name">`` instead of
  ``<h1 id="site-name">``. Screen reader users rely on heading elements for navigation within
  a page, and the site header isn't helpful as it is repeated on all pages.
```

Just a few suggested improvements for clarity
